Last updated: December 6th 2019

Rory Robinson has adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain how he collects, stores, and uses the information collected in connection with his products, services, and websites (together “Services”).

Should you have any questions relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact him at mail.roryrobinson@gmail.com.

Rory Robinson reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at reasonable times, so please review it frequently. Your continued use of Services will signify your acceptance of the changes to this Privacy Policy.

1. Non-personal Data

For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “non-personal data” means information that does not directly identify you. Additionally, non-personal data means “aggregate” and “de-personalised” information, which is data Rory Robinson collects about the use of Services, from which any personally identifiable data has been removed.

Rory Robinson may use tools or third party analytical software to automatically collect and use certain non-personal data that does not directly enable Rory Robinson to identify you. 

Rory Robinson may use analytics tools to develop and analyse use of the Services. Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address, device vendor ID, and/or device advertising ID) to help us understand how Services are used. Analytics tools we may use include:

Flurry Analytics: If you wish to find out more information on Flurry analytics, please follow this link: http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/privacy-policy

Google Analytics for Firebase: If you wish to find out more information on Google Analytics for Firebase, please follow this link: https://www.firebase.com/terms/privacy-policy.html

Analytics data collection does not include personally identifying information. Rory Robinson does not merge the non-personally identifying analytics data that we collect with personally identifying information from any other source.

2. Personal Data

For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “personal data” means personally identifiable information that specifically identifies you as an individual.

Potential situations when you may make personal data available to Rory Robinson include, but are not limited to: (i) registration for Services, including leaderboards; (ii) subscribing to newsletters; (iii) requesting technical support; and (iv) otherwise through use of Services where personal data is required for use and/or participation.

The types of personal data may vary depending on the type of activity you are engaged in. The personal data Rory Robinson may collect, process and use may include, but are not limited to your name, screen/user name, Services' or third party service ID, and e-mail address.

Rory Robinson may use personal and non-personal data, both individually and combined together, for purposes of analysing usage of the Services, providing customer and technical support, managing and providing Services (including managing advertisement serving), customising Rory Robinson’s communications and to further develop the Services and other products. Rory Robinson may combine non-personal data with personal data.

From time to time, Rory Robinson may ask you to complete a voluntary survey in order to help us provide a better user experience. He will only request and therefore collect non-personal data.


3. Ad Serving Technology

Rory Robinson reserves the right to use and disclose the collected non-personal data for purposes of advertisement by Rory Robinson or his partners and contractors. Rory Robinson may employ third party ad serving technologies that use certain methods to collect information as a result of ad serving through Services. Rory Robinson or third parties operating the ad serving technology may use demographic and location information as well as information logged from your hardware or device to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented within the Service. Rory Robinson or third parties may collect and use data for this purpose including, but not limited to IP address (including but not limited to for purposes of determining your coarse location), Device ID, MAC, software, applications, hardware, and in-game information. The foregoing data may be used and disclosed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of the company providing the ad serving technology.

You recognise and agree that the advertising companies who deliver ads for Rory Robinson may combine the information collected with other information they have independently collected from other services or products. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. These ad serving technologies are integrated into Services; if you do not want to be subject to this technology, do not use or access Services. Although Rory Robinson takes commercially reasonable steps to instruct such advertising companies to comply with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, Rory Robinson does not have access to or control of third party technologies.

Rory Robinson may display to you behaviourally targeted advertising. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, subject to the GDPR guidelines, you will be asked to confirm your desire to receive personalised advertising utilising your device ID, coarse location and other data and to confirm that you are 16 years of age or older. If you consent, you can always choose to opt-out at a later date by using the settings on your phone or tablet. On Android Devices, you may opt-out by enabling the “Opt out of Ads Personalization” setting. On iOS Devices, you may opt-out by enabling the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting. Additionally please note that, if you “opt out,” it does not mean that you will no longer receive advertising. It just means that the advertising you see displayed will not be customised to you and your interests and may be less relevant to you.

 

4. Location Data

Rory Robinson does not use or collect your precise geographic location.

5. Data Retention

Rory Robinson retains the data collected pursuant to this Privacy Policy for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. Thereafter if the collected data is no longer needed for purposes specified in this Privacy Policy, Rory Robinson deletes all aforementioned data in its possession within a reasonable timeframe. 

Irrespective of the above, Rory Robinson may still retain some of the data to the extent such retention is necessary to resolve disputes, enforce Rory Robinson user agreements, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity, and operation of Services.

Information we collect may be stored or processed on computers located in any country where we do business.

6. Cookies, Beacons and Tracking

The Services may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags, locally shared objects, and web beacons. Rory Robinson treats information collected by cookies and similar technologies as non-personal data.

7. Third Party Terms and Conditions

To operate the service, Rory Robinson also may make identifiable and anonymous information available to third parties in these limited circumstances: (1) with your express consent, (2) when he has a good faith belief it is required by law, (3) when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to protect our rights or property, or (4) to any successor or purchaser in a merger, acquisition, liquidation, dissolution or sale of assets. Your consent will not be required for disclosure in these cases, but we will attempt to notify you, to the extent permitted by law to do so.

8. Safeguards

Rory Robinson follows generally accepted industry standards and maintains reasonable safeguards to attempt to ensure the security, integrity, and privacy of the information in Rory Robinson’s possession.

9. Special Notice REGARDING MINORS.

Rory Robinson does not knowingly collect Personal Information from persons under the age of 13 without parental consent.